past pap because apart to a certain extent of communication things stood out
the trail leader for the neighborhood a lot of people
each selection with this sense
to the lactose giving added hospital point
change will present the opera
then in the world two children
well this they are doing a favor
without intending them, yes I think so because people
dv
blond one billion
what works between them word of mouth
and how much they love me
and what you process in that year I do not think you'll need much either do you think
this one could take advantage and in technique to cover that tour
The charge
but among them have commented
he has left pía left and the motorcycle to one with a lionel in him
so they lost everything
tula calama 1 I could not but not
the pair of veron health
if it can not be cured with something else
how many people are there that die that do not
that is unfortunately giving seven as a human being
if you do not need a kidney
but this has to pay so much that I bring you kidney but why do you
h if we are going to lead a life
for money
unfortunately the selfishness of the human being
that kid who was unconscious for a few years
and that the neighborhood claimed that one thing seems the city to the ear that lost
How do I think I
I will fight that
you threw me very big cable
you need a rehabilitation because you do not go by vegetable
i
the health center so that in cataluña lec a club in sad we can not pay
the kid does not work for you to stop at all be totally inert girlfriend
in the life
that is going to be achieved
study
and the arts
she is gone I do not watch myself say that truth that I did and what I noticed very
difficult but the key is the only one ccoo de Málaga
no pressure that I had always kept with him
the kid has returned to his normal life do so through tobacconists to the square
freedom the return to his normal life and always to the bbc give him a lot that
local authority clarifies
good neighborhood
for bertha alvarado a person
that was dead in the bathtub
many makes us
put your feet on the ground and touch the reality
to the situation is that he explained to move the music to one
are emotions that together with Federico Bruno that the cut or on the street people
he makes his own per month in the cause he can no longer stop that emotion is that copar
a force disk
and it makes impossible I am I think it is a runaway foal in a term that
it is eight that still continue barcelona
and in the news ends well another one of the news of
the people were crowded
the centers looking for a doctor
the truth that etxaburu and goods will be thrown
hillary reward myself
that you know that in Catalonia you want that every time the old and that is reason for
joy that the concert bonus was filled
you're going to start in January do tour a wink of eye transfer everything in the
ninety two sides and Libya 25 but on December 25 there
that we are going to see if we are able to take you the pass of córdoba fortress
your mother stops in him a guided tour all of them acquire from the I you
I'm going to let him tempt that he had to finish again he had novillera only the
question of what I had to tell
will help said callahan is with us chávez was congratulated because
He said
percent the title is beautiful the record is very well I liked
very much indicated that
that hooks and starts to say this is Tibet and today a song and it's
different and the bird the same as the other but has nothing to do is a disc
that he has thus that is made to live emotions
I wish we have neighborhood for many years is the eighth but we need kelleher
lamb to harbor 30 or 40 years in red coma attack against the car is
married very many thank you good night
in the camera luck
will cut only from cerler
abel tea
believe me
in that entity the matter is that see
never failed collapsed
stick round I always had clear in Catalonia
creative city of the rumba
and that every baby arrived in Catalonia
for any part of
of this debt
it opens the arms of the injury all
as if he were entering triumphantly
all of that thanks to all of you
so
only desire of revenge of the neighborhood for 13 banking has done much before
there is a very big gap, he clarified that I followed him a lot of grace to do
possible that the neighborhood will be made
only transit
masks
A big kiss